what is OOP  why it is different from Procedural prograaming

Pillars of OOP ( pata hi hongy tjhe)

concept of abstraction 

How to acheive abstraction in c# ( using abstract class and interface)

Assembly,Namespace,Clases,Data/Attributes,Funtion/Methods

IL,CLR

can we write multiple catch blocks with single try block or if we can do so then which catch block could be catch the exception

sql get second most highest salary is the salary is geting both 10000  Salary--> [0]10000,[1]10000,[2]20000.

how to replace jquery $ to ubaid.

how to get all controls that exsist in tr.

how to get first tr of a table without loop and without index.

jquery if i have thosands of employee is json format how do i get the employee whose id is 19920 without loop.

how many type of session in asp.net.

ASP.NET mcv tempData vs ViewBag

jquery what is EVAL("").

Diff b/w Abstract Class Vs Interface

exe vs dll (exe -> execcutable file, dll -> dynamicaly linked library)

Abstraction vs Encapsulation

Types of Inheritance (Multilevel, multiple  or b hai google krlfilena)

Singleton Class what is the purpose of it

Private Constructur kia hota hai or q use krte hai . 

Operator Overloading in c#

Delegate concept and when to use it . 

what is Func in c# ( Is the func is delegate ? )  

What are the Other things in c# which is actually a delegate 

Async Await in c# (What the advantage it gives in programming)

what is Task Task.Run in AsycnProgramming

LINQ in c#  ( Kch chezy parh lena iski) 

OOP k concepts

Views, Trigger , Diff b/w Stored PRocedure and Views 

Normalization SQL

De Normalization SQL

MVC ki life cycle ya request life Cycle

Action filter

Some Question about Routing .. Custom Routing 

Custom Attribute.4

what is .net core par Middleware

how to cretae a Custom Middlware

difference between .net core project or .net standard project

subquery vs join

asynchronous programming asycn await idea

Ref and Out Parameter in c#

http://www.csharpstar.com/

Dictionary or Hashtable

anagramy 

sorting array

Reverse String 

Word Count in String


var a = new a();
vs
object b = new b();

types of state managment define in detail each advantages and disadvantages.

why should i am not using inheritance instead of abstraction beacuse it has also a 
vistual functions if i need to unique implimentation of it.

why should i am not using abstract class over interfcae i should also make a loosely 
coupled system if i mark all the method are abstract what was the sysmptoms where 
i recomend interface over abstract class.

what is oop?
why should i am not using structure programming why i am using oop 
real time scenario?
where i use oop and where i use structure approach.

Value type vs Reference type Detail.

string vs StringBuilder?

Mutable vs immutable real time senario and preactice detail.

group by having where?

Array Vs List where i should use array and where i should use list real time senario 
advantages disatvantages on over other.

Designig of ERD Database.

Keys and Relations.

JavaScript basic question.

Syntax of java script how to create object in java script.

how many of data type should i declare in java script.

css basic syntax.

inline css vs class or link.

Jquerry Syntax basics of jquery.

jquery advantages over javascript.

why should i prefer java script over jquery vise versa.

HTML5 basics.

HTML Control names and it usages.

Soap Based APi vs RestFull API.

Joins in sql.

ADO.net

Connectin oriented object commands of ado.net.

Connection less Object commands of ado.net.

execute scaler vs execute reader vs executeNonQuery.

DataTable vs DataSet , Data reader, Data adapter.

Calling stored procedure in Ado.net.

Passing and reading Parameters of Stored procedure.

write piece of code on database integration.

System.IO, System.XML.

Active directory operations.

Question of .net Framwork class liberary.

how .net works internally.

Event handling in .net.

how staks and heap are handled in .net.

Design Patterns  

Principles of OOP

Abstract VS encapsulation

How did you implement encapsulation?

Difference between shadowing and overriding?

Different types of polymorphism in c#.

CLR, CTS, CAS,IL code etc.

Delegates , events , difference between them

Reflection,threading, application domain,boxing, unboxing etc

Page life cycle.

Authentication and Authorization

Session , cache , view state and applications.

Server controls and user controls.

Database normalization (first normal form, second normal form and third normal form).

SQL Joins

Triggers, stored procedures, Views and cursors.

UNION and UNION ALL.

ADO.NET components

Dataset VS datareader

Using SP with ADO.NET

Locking and connection pooling

Why WCF?

WCF vsWebservicesvsremoting

Operation contract, data contract, and service contract.

One-way and two-way contracts.

Security, Transactions, REST, Instancing, etc.

What is a master page?

Dalegates.

Enums.

Most Important Data Structures.

Big(O) notations.

Async Await programming.

partial page reload.

write simple progamme using singleton approach and describe it.

dependency injection.

repository pattern

TempData vs ViewData vs ViewBag

CodeFirst vs DbFirst

merge two array no dublicate will be present into third array and sort it.

write alogrithm to check wheather the string in anagram or not. true ==> army = mary

temp table vs table variable.

find how many pair will shopkeeper will make when he has 7 socks each have some color like color = [1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 3, 2], so if we assuming this array shopkeeper will make ony two pair of socks for color 1 and 2 the remaing three are no pair 1,3,2. write an array to calculate how many pair will make by shopkeeper.

Get request Vs Post request example for page.

Multi Threading

CQRS Pattern.

REST APi

🔹 Technical Round - (C# / .NET / SQL)
• Difference between ref and out
• What is async/await?
• Explain parallel programming
• What is a thread?
• Difference between IEnumerable and IQueryable
• Difference between Authentication and Authorization
• What is JWT and how does it work?
• What is Middleware?
• What is an Interface? (Interviewer expected discussion on Dependency Injection / Loose Coupling)
• Scopes in Dependency Injection (Transient, Scoped, Singleton)
• What is Rate Limiting?
• Explain the difference between Azure Virtual Network (VNet) and Azure ExpressRoute, and when each is typically used. 
•What are the benefits of using AAD (Azure Active Directory ) in Hybrid Environments?
 •VM creation is possible using Azure Resource Manager in a Virtual Network, which was created by means of classic deployment. True or False?



🔹 SQL
• Query to select the second-highest salary from an employee table
• What is the ACID principle?
• Query to select duplicate rows
• Query to get the highest salary from each department (Tables: Employee, Department, Salary)
• What is Indexing?

🔹 C# / .NET
 • Why do you use an Interface?
 • What is Dependency Injection? Why should you use it?
 • What is Middleware? Can you name some built-in middleware?
 • What is an Anti-Forgery Token? Why do you use it?
 • What is CORS?
 • How do you transfer data from a Controller to a View?
 • What is the difference between Decryption and Hashing? (Decryption can be reversed, but Hashing cannot)
 • What is a Thread?
 • If an async method is executed, does it create a new thread under the hood?
 • How do you stop two different threads from accessing the same method?
 • What is a Delegate? Can you name some built-in delegates?
 • Explain Func, Action, and Predicate.
 • In Entity Framework, how do you join two tables?
 • What is REST?
 • If REST is stateless, why is it called a RESTful API?
 • How do you validate a JWT without using built-in methods?

🔹 SQL
 • Write a query to delete duplicate rows from a table.
 • Write a query: You have a Country table with all country details. Display “India” first, and then the rest in alphabetical order.
 • Write a query to get the second-highest salary from a table. (Most common SQL question I faced)
 • Questions related to GROUP BY and HAVING.
 • Questions related to INNER JOIN.
